We have put an immense amount
of work into this so far, right?
We have created an email course.
We've created a report.
We've audited a load of sites.
We've made a load of contacts.
We've done a lot of work, right?
Now, I'm inherently lazy, okay?
And I can't remember who said it, but
somebody said about the best
coders are lazy coders,
cuz they reuse their code, right,
and they write it in a modular way.
Well, I'm exactly the same with content,
right?
We've put so
much effort into all this content.
We are gonna now squeeze that content
till every drop has come out of it and
we've got every piece of value.
Because, let's be honest,
we're not gonna wanna be recreating this
amount of content on a regular basis.
So now we've kind of exhausted that
initial list of influencers and companies.
We've contacted them as much as we can.
If they've signed up, great.
If they haven't, the moment has passed.
But there are many,
many more people we want to reach.
So now we're gonna start to use some
more traditional techniques of content
marketing to achieve that.
But we're gonna reuse and
recycle the content that we've
already created to generate that
content for content marketing, right?
Does that sentence makes sense?
So we're gonna use everything
that's in the emails and
the report, and
we are going to turn them into blog posts.
We're gonna turn them into webinars.
We're gonna turn them into
social media updates.
guest speaking slots.
We're gonna turn them
into podcast interviews.
We're gonna turn them into
anything we can possibly think of.
We are gonna dine out on that content for
as long as we possibly can just
as a frame of reference, right?
Brad Frost,
you guys probably know Brad Frost,
the guy that came up with atomic design
and really popularized design systems.
Amazing guy, very talented.
He dined out on atomic design for
years, right?
That was what he was hired for.
That was what he was known for.
Hey, I've done the same thing.
Every time I write a book,
that's it for four years.
That's enough to keep me going,
just saying the same thing in slightly
different ways in slightly
different mediums.
So that is exactly what
you guys are gonna do now.
You're not gonna have to
constantly come up with new stuff.
We're just gonna take those things,
and we're gonna repurpose them.
So for example,
we're gonna turn our report into posts.
So ideally,
we wanna take our content, right,
that we've created in the report and
turn them into guest posts on
other people's sites, right?
So all those influencers we were
reaching out to, all those publications,
we're gonna say, hey,
we've got this amazing report.
It would be wonderful if you promoted it.
But if you'd like, I'll quite happily
write you a guest post around some of
the report's key findings, right?
Brilliant, that's superb.
So all you need to do, take the content,
take one of the topics, or
take the report as a whole,
whatever you wanna do.
Write a guest post.
You've done all the hard work already.
It will come together really
quickly with no effort.
However, failing that, if you can't get
guest posts, then what we're gonna do
is we're gonna research into some keyword
phrases using a tool like kwfinder.com.
Which allows you to research
into different questions, maybe,
that people ask.
And we'll then create
keyword-optimized blog posts designed
to rank well on those different keywords,
right?
So these guest posts based on
a report are really easy to create.
You decide on a question that
you answered in your report, and
you use that question as
the basis of your content.
You write a post with using exactly
the same editorial process I
already talked about.
You remember the write drunk,
edit sober approach.
And this is the critical bit,
and where people often go wrong.
You include a clear call
to action in the post
to signup for the report and email course.
I started off by criticizing
content marketing, right?
And the big problem that I see with most
people's content marketing approaches,
most agencies and freelancers,
is they write a blog post,
they shove it on their website.
They've written it about
whatever popped into their head.
Nobody reads it,
cuz nobody visits their website.
And even those people that do read it,
they then go away and
go, that was nice, and
never think about it again.
So instead, what we're doing, is we
are creating articles specifically for
our target audience.
We're trying to get them shown or
published on blogs where we
know our audience are reading.
And we're having a clear call to action at
the end of it to try and encourage them
to give us their email address so
that we can keep in contact with them.
And that is the underlying principle.
Whatever you do, whether you run
a webinar, whether you run a course,
whether you do a social media update,
whether you write a blog post,
whatever you do,
it needs to have a clear call to action.
Otherwise there's no point of doing it,
right?
If there's not a value that's
coming out of it, I mean,
if you're speaking at a conference for
free, or going to a local meetup, or
doing any of these stuff, and
you don't try and capture someone's email,
there's very little value
in it compared to this.
And then, of course,
whatever that post is,
you're gonna promote it on social media.
But you can also turn your
report into a webinar.
So considering running
a webinar based on your report.
But I'll wait for that until maybe you've
built up a bit of a following on social,
or on your mailing list,
because obviously, otherwise no one's
gonna come to the webinar, right?
The thing about a webinar, the reason
that it's something worth considering,
is because up until this point,
we haven't had any face-to-face contact
with our potential audience, right?
And webinars are a great way of engaging
with your audience in a kind of
personalized way.
So you could have read a course on this.
It could have been a written course,
right,
where you read all of the instructions
I've shared with you today.
But you wouldn't felt like you got to know
me like you have from listening to me,
right?
You wouldn't have got a sense
of my sense of humor, or
maybe my pragmatic nature, or
my Britishness, or whatever it is.
All of those things are the kinds of
things that influence your decision of
whether to hire someone or not.
So a webinar is actually a really good way
of beginning to make that kinda connection
with people.
But then, maybe don't do that on day one,
but it's certainly worth considering.
If you're gonna do it,
it only needs to be about 40 minutes,
along with maybe 20 minutes for questions.
Cover maybe three of the key
findings in the report.
That's probably all you need to cover.
So again,
all the contents written for you.
Add the webinar to your landing
page where the report is.
Once you've done it, you can record it,
put it on their landing page.
It actually adds credibility
to the landing page.
And then consider maybe approaching
some meetups in your areas or
conferences in your areas and saying look,
here's a webinar I did online.
Would you like me to come and
do it for your group?
So then you can start getting
in front of audiences and
talking about some of this stuff.
Now you might think that
all sounds very scary.
And public speaking's not for everybody.
And if it really terrifies you,
by all means, don't do it.
There are other opportunities
that are available to you.
But I think you'll be surprised how you
feel once you've finished the report,
because you'll be very confident
in the material, right?
You'll know exactly what
you're talking about.
You'll have statistics, and quotes, and
all these kinds of things that
will make it so much easier to do.
So yeah, have a think about that.
And then, of course,
you need to be promoting your course and
your report on social media.
But again, even this is so much easier,
because you've got all this
material to work with.
So you can take the material from
your report and your email course,
pull out snippets,
turn them into pictures and
put them on Instagram, turn them
into text and put them on Twitter.
So for example, there's all kinds of
things that come straight out of that
report that you can just regurgitate and
people will love to share.
Things like statistics,
we've got statistics from the survey.
Everybody likes sharing statistics.
It makes them look clever.
Did you know that people only read
an average of 25% of the content on
a web page?
Well, that's true.
Jacob Nielsen did research on this.
So now you think how intelligent Paul is.
That could just trip off that fact,
that figure isn't actually right.
I think it's 24%, but anyway.
So statistics are a really
good thing to share.
You've got great quotes from
people within the industry, right?
Because hopefully you've spoken
to a few people by this stage,
put that in the report.
And now you can quote
that on social media.
And of course, if people were mentioned
on social media, what do they do?
They reshare it, they retweet it,
so that spreads it further.
Then also, you can share little practical
actions and advice that help people.
So you made little recommendations in
the report, so you can rechurn those and
put those into social media updates.
I would recommend where possible,
use some video and audio.
You can take bits maybe from
the webinar if you did that.
Or you can create little audio grams which
are tiny little kind of audio snippets.
Quotes in the report can
be shown as nice images.
There's some great tools out
there to make them look fancier.
Tableau is just one, but there are others.
And then of course, critically, whenever
you do any of these things, you end with
and for more information, see our report,
and you link through to the landing page.
Also throw in a few relevant hashtags,
just for good measure for
those people that follow such things,
and mention influences where relevant.
Now, you might be thinking, okay,
I'm Paul, hang on a minute.
You said that once we were done
with the big heavy lifting at
the beginning that I only had to do
to one email every two weeks, right?
And now you've thrown in
social media on top of this.
Don't think I haven't noticed, you liar.
Well, I'm not actually lying, because my
entire social media feed is automated.
I don't write my social updates.
I mean, obviously I wrote
them once the first time, but
I don't send them out individually.
Instead I use a tool called CoSchedule,
which has got two really good features
that make life so much easier,
and mean that I don't have to keep
thinking of social media updates.
First is that I can schedule updates
through an editorial calendar.
So for example, it plugs into WordPress.
So every time I release a blog post,
I then have said, okay,
when this blog post is released,
send out this post.
A day after it's been released,
A day after that, send out this post.
A week after that, send this one.
A month after that, send this one.
So I line up a whole load that
are associated with any particular post
that I put out or announcement.
And then the other feature that its got,
which is really nice,
is it will then fill in the gaps, right?
So between those ones that are very
small specifically scheduled,
I've also got a whole bank of these quotes
and statistics, and stuff like that,
that I've taken out my reports, and my
books, and various things over the years.
And I've literally got hundreds of them
that have built up over the years.
They're in a massive big bank,
and basically CoSchedule goes in,
picks them out, fills in the gaps,
and shoves them out.
And it will monitor which ones perform
best and put those out more often.
And it will ensure that you don't have
the same one going out more than x amount
of time, and all of these kinds
of things you can set up.
So it means you can automate your whole
social media feed based off of your
single report, right?
Wow, that's social media done, okay?
And obviously, it posts across
different platforms as well.
So let's recap.
We're beginning to build
our mailing lists.
We're establishing contact.
How are we doing that?
We're doing that by writing an email
course around the report findings.
We're gonna create a landing page that
sells that report and that email course.
We're gonna email our cold email group,
the initial audience with our report.
We're gonna reach out to our influences.
And then we're gonna recycle the heck
out of our content in two kinds
of different formats to attract
a bigger audience over time.
And we're gonna automate our social media
to avoid it becoming a pain in the neck.